Kaneyoshi-kun not you had to say Nante want a chance to me that Toshikuni counterattack
And Tsu by sumo theorem has arrived Are you sure you want to introduce
Huh Nhhai I do not I think the more gravity is fighting back
a Thank you for getting from the handle name Pink Macaroon
Flower tea
It is a line of counterattack Hana-chan If it becomes embarrassed in the middle of serif
I think it's an after-recording and I'll keep working hard If it's Ota-chan, it's like a kid so it's 4
Ne little
Come to be because embarrassed that's before I Anaruhodo
Save to
Hey, why 5 tea
I'm in front of you and come to me next
By
Good thin
Ah ah ah
Ah ha ha ha ha ha
ame
Oh yeah
there were
I really refused
Allah their
Mashitaa We in Well ancient
I'm looking at even a shocked horror movie Tree Guri Oh ah ah
Rather well the other until there did not write Nante not really rain
I if the there really came knew
Yeah it was the first's bedding
Boo eki し し ー ー ー ー ー Serifana which is given the gentle kindling which is given
The
Entered Oh I guess I 124 tried to do
I do radio with you and me
very fun
Thank you
After this
Entered Te' Te'
Thank you is wearing to thank you this Unto Kawaiku' ah along or I'm sorry Chiyai
I thought I did not do it now
Mr. Tashi certainly wood and to do radio
It's so fun too
It is said that girls are sweets
Thank you as always
We are all God's useless Oh
Well
I 'm a little bit too good I'm okay
It 's supposed to be a long term I 've listened to now , maybe to Yoshi
Boo Boo
But who can often be taken as a Kyun
What Where Where to Dan that took the try by Tsu go
If you go to this place, you will not find it
Oh Turkey I wonder how far Noto Lake is
It 's kinda
Ancher Hair Shortened And Cute-kun
Please cut your hair
Although I heard Mather like vomiting is and the opposition so placed in the Ana-chan poised now Noto
Thank you
Pretty Whoa
Kyabe Nyan meow Koneee or to God economy me riding Thank Francs